Ye Feng
The wealthy families, including the Shangguan family, value face the most
If the birthday gift is not good, it will inevitably be scolded.
OK
I'll do it in a while
I have prepared a birthday gift for you.
At that time, I will say that you specially prepared it for grandma
That way they won't make it too difficult for you.
Are you too nervous?
It doesn't have to be that way.
I have prepared my birthday gift.
Just take it.
I'd rather they scold me
I don't want to see you get hurt
After all, you are my husband, Shangguan Linglong
How can I get them to talk about you?
Qianqian, who are they?
Isn't that the woman my brother likes?
I heard that he secretly found a wild man
I didn't expect to dare to bring it home
So shameless
He is Shangguan Linglong
What a beauty
Don't worry, children of a big family like ours
Enjoy the bounty of the family
Naturally, it is necessary to pay for the family
No matter how much he resists
It's also a waste of time
It's useless, I don't care.
Dare to think of my official family face
I must ask the Shangguan family for an explanation